===== 文件: 永續(2019)-香港富臨集團.pdf =====
 
 
 
 
ENVIRONMENTAL, 
SOCIAL AND 
GOVERNANCE 
REPORT 2019 
Fulum Group Holdings Limited 
STOCK CODE：1443 

1 
 
Contents 
ABOUT THE GROUP .............................................................................................................................................. 2 
ABOUT THIS REPORT ........................................................................................................................................... 4 
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT .................................................................................................................................. 5 
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE ...................................................................................................................... 6 
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................ 7 
CARE FOR EMPLOYEES .................................................................................................................................... 11 
Health and Safety .............................................................................................................................................. 11 
Development and Training............................................................................................................................... 12 
Labour Standards .............................................................................................................................................. 13 
Employment ........................................................................................................................................................ 13 
OPERATIONAL PRACTICES .............................................................................................................................. 15 
Anti-corruption .................................................................................................................................................... 15 
Product Responsibility ...................................................................................................................................... 15 
Supply Chain Management ............................................................................................................................. 18 
COMMUNITY INVESTMENT .............................................................................................................................. 19 
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT ............................................................................................................... 20 
Emissions ............................................................................................................................................................ 20 
Use of Resources .............................................................................................................................................. 22 
The Environment and Natural Resources .................................................................................................... 23 
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS ................................................................................................................ 24 
ESG REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX ................................................................................................ 28 
 
 
 

2 
 
ABOUT THE GROUP 
 
Having established its catering business in 1992, Fulum Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”, 
or “Fulum Group”, or together with its subsidiaries the “Group” or “We”) has been adhering to 
the spirit of “The Rationale of Three Excellence – Excellent Environment, Excellent Supply, 
Excellent Service” in its operation. 
 
The shares of the Group were listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (the “Stock Exchange”) 
in November 2014. Its portfolio of restaurants is distributed across all regions in Hong Kong to 
offer various cuisines under different brands to cater to the needs of the customers. As at 31 
March 2019, the Group owned a total of 77 restaurants in Hong Kong and mainland China under 
the “Fulum (富臨)” main brand, the “Sportful Garden (陶源)” main brand and “Fulum Concept (富
臨概念)” main line. As the cornerstones of the Group, “Fulum (富臨)” main brand provides 
Cantonese cuisine for mass market customers, while restaurants under the “Sportful Garden (陶
源)” main brand focus on Cantonese cuisine targeting mid to high-end customers. At the same 
time, the Group actively developed the diversified brands under “Fulum Concept (富臨概念)” main 
line to meet the changing catering needs of local customers and improve their dining experience. 
For the PRC market, “Fulum Palace (富臨皇宮)” restaurants were opened in Guangzhou, Zhuhai 
and Fuzhou. 
 
The Group is confident of the long-term prospects of the catering market in Hong Kong and the 
PRC. It will continue to adopt a proactive and optimistic attitude to fine-tune its menu and realign 
the brand portfolios, increase the proportion of restaurants under the “Fulum Concept (富臨概念)” 
main line and explore new mode of operation, allowing the Group to gain market share and 
diversify its income base. In the meantime, the Group will proactively explore opportunities for 
mergers and acquisitions in the industry and continue to identify different catering brands, 
especially those of Asian brands for mergers and acquisitions, in order to establish Fulum Group 
as a highly diversified catering kingdom. For the PRC market, as the mass catering market in the 
Mainland continues its rapid development, the Group has full confidence in the long-term 
development of the market. Looking forward, the Group will continue to gradually increase the 
number of restaurants in the PRC to broaden its customer base and increase its market share.  
 
As at 31 March 2019: 
Restaurant operations 
 “Fulum (富臨)” main 
brand 
“Sportful Garden 
(陶源)” main brand
“Fulum Concept (富臨概念)” 
main line 
Operations in 
mainland China 
29 restaurants in 
Hong Kong 
11 restaurants in 
Hong Kong 
33 restaurants in Hong 
Kong 
4 restaurants in 
mainland China 
•  “Fulum Palace (富
臨皇宮)” 
• “Fulum Restaurant 
(富臨酒家)” 
• “Sportful Garden 
Restaurants (陶
源酒家(鮑魚專門
店)” 
 
• “MeokBang Korean BBQ 
& Bar (炑八韓烤)” 
• “Meokbang Taste (炑八
Taste)” 
• “Fulum Palace 
(富臨皇宮)” 

3 
 
• “Fulum Fisherman’s 
Wharf Restaurant 
(富臨漁港)” 
• “Pleasant Palace 
(囍臨門)” 
• “Fulum (富臨粵之
味)” 
•  “Banquet Palace 
(金皇廷囍宴)” 
• “Royal One 
Pleasant Palace (皇
室ћ號囍臨門)” 
• “Fulum” new brands
• “Meokbang BBQ Kidzone 
(炑八韓烤親子餐廳)”  
• “Treasure City Hot Pot 
Seafood Restaurant (富城
火鍋海鮮酒家)” 
• “Winter Steam Pot 
Restaurant (正冬火鍋料
理)” 
• “Winter Yutango 
Restaurant (正冬魚塘公)” 
• “Co Co Kitchen (四季文
昌)” 
• “FL Fusion (富臨薈)” 
• “Café Coco (加多樂餐廳)” 
• “The Charcoal Room (柞
木炭家)” 
• COTI 
Sale of food and other operating items 
Processed foods 
• 
New year pudding 
• 
Dumplings 
• 
Mooncakes 
 

4 
 
ABOUT THIS REPORT 
 
This report is the third Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”) published by 
the Group. By reporting the policies, measures and performances of the Group in environmental, 
social and governance aspects from 1 April 2018 to 31 March 2019 (the “Reporting Period” or 
“2019”), it allows all stakeholders to better understand the progress and development direction of 
the Group in relation to sustainability issues. The Report, which is prepared in both Chinese and 
English, has been uploaded to the website of the Stock Exchange and the Group’s website 
www.fulumgroup.com. In case of any inconsistencies between the Chinese version and English 
version, the Chinese version shall prevail. 
 
Reporting Scope 
The Report focuses on the operation of the Hong Kong head office, restaurants owned by the 
Group in Hong Kong, the central kitchen and logistics centre, which is the same as that in the 
Environmental, Social and Governance Report for the period from 1 April 2017 to 31 March 2018 
(the “last Reporting Period” or “2018”). For easy comparison of the Group’s yearly performance, 
the structure of the Report aligns with the previous ESG reports as closely as possible. While the 
Report does not cover the Group’s operations in mainland China, the aim of the Group is to 
continuously upgrade the internal data collection procedure and gradually expand the scope of 
disclosure. 
 
Reporting Criteria and Principles 
The Report is prepared in accordance with the ‘comply or explain’ provisions of Appendix 27 
Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG Reporting Guide”) of the 
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on Main board of the Stock Exchange (the “Listing 
Rules”). The four reporting principles: materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency form the 
backbone of the Report. To ensure the accuracy of environmental key performance indicators, 
the Group appointed Carbon Care Asia Limited (“CCA”), an independent professional consultant, 
to conduct a carbon assessment. In addition, selected key performance indicators that are 
categorised by the ESG Reporting Guide as 'recommended disclosures’ are included for 
enhanced reporting. 
 
A complete index is inserted in the last chapter for the reader’s easy reference.  
 
Information Collection Method and Approval 
Information documented in the Report is sourced from the official documents, statistical data, 
management and operation information of and collected by the Group from various channels. The 
Report has been confirmed and approved by the board of directors of the Group in October 2019. 
 
Feedback  
The Group values the opinion of stakeholders. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding 
the content or format of the Report, please contact the Group via the following channels:  
 
Address: 15/F., Luk Hop Industrial Building, 8 Luk Hop Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong  
Email: info@fulum.com.hk 

5 
 
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT 
 
While the expectations of different sectors of society, including regulatory agency, of the 
environmental, social and governance performance of corporates are increasing, the Group has 
always adhered to compliance and strived to improve our work in various related aspects. Given 
the fierce competition in the catering industry, we invest resources particularly in employee 
enhancement and quality control to raise the standards of products and services. Apart from 
publishing the Environmental, Social and Governance Report, we are carefully considering the 
establishment of a sustainability steering committee to conduct in-depth assessment of the 
environmental and social impact of the Group’s business to be included in business decision 
making and report the sustainability progress to the board of directors.  
 
Stakeholders’ opinions are crucial to achieving corporate sustainability. The Group actively 
engages with internal and external stakeholders to understand their views in order to meet the 
needs of society under a constantly changing business environment. Their feedback helps us 
identify the areas that require the most resources and reflect it in the Report.  
 
Issues related to sustainability directly affect the Group’s business development and decision 
making. Issues such as how to improve employees’ sense of belonging, properly manage the 
supply chain and product responsibility pose risks to our business. Similarly, we believe that by 
adopting appropriate measures, we can grasp the opportunities within to enhance our 
environmental and social performance.  
 
In the future, we will endeavour to lead the industry towards better practices. We hope that all 
stakeholders can share their views and suggestions with us so that our sustainability efforts can 
be more closely aligned to the expectations of society.  
 
Fulum Group Holdings Limited  
Mr. Yeung Wai  
Chairman, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

6 
 
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 
 
The board of directors of the Group is committed to upholding a high standard of corporate 
governance and believes that good corporate governance can effectively lead the Group to 
develop and realise long term strategies and goals, and lead the company to grasp the 
opportunities and deal with the challenges brought by sustainability.  
 
Governance Structure and Management Approach 
To enhance the overall standard of governance, the board of directors of the Group carefully 
considers the establishment of a sustainability steering committee to conduct in-depth 
assessment of the environmental and social impact of the Group’s business to be included in 
business decision making and report the sustainability progress to the board of directors.  
 
Risk Management and Internal Control 
As the Group’s highest decision making and management institution, the board of directors is 
wholly responsible for maintaining the risk management and internal control system, including 
defining the management structure and the limits of authority and ensuring compliance with the 
relevant laws and regulations so that mechanisms continue to be appropriate and effective.  
 
Risk management is a crucial component of day-to-day management and sound corporate 
governance to complement the Group’s strategies. The Group adopted a risk management and 
internal control structure, referred to as the “Three Lines of Defense” and formulated the relevant 
procedures.  
 
The Group regularly reviews the risk management and internal control system and takes into 
account more risk factors related to sustainability to ensure the relevant risks and response 
measures are identified in time.  
 
 
 

7 
 
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 
 
The Group values engagement with stakeholders and believes that their views will lead the Group 
to formulate more comprehensive sustainability strategies. The Group’s stakeholders include 
groups and individuals materially influencing or affected by the Group’s business. These 
stakeholders include but are not limited to employees, directors, shareholders, customers, 
suppliers, government regulatory authorities, industry associations, banks, partners, media, local 
community groups, etc. The Group communicated with important stakeholders through different 
channels to understand their views and expectations to continuously improve the Group’s 
operation.  
 
 
 
To more effectively understand stakeholders’ views and expectations, the Group conducted a 
stakeholder engagement regarding their level of understanding of sustainability and willingness 
to participate, including management interview and online questionnaire with the assistance of 
CCA, our sustainability consultant. During the Reporting Period, we expanded the scope of the 
online questionnaire to external stakeholders to collect the views of more stakeholders. The 
engagement was conducted anonymously to ensure stakeholders can express their views freely 
and to ensure a fair process.  
 
 
 
Materiality Matrix 
CCA identified 22 sustainability issues that are the most important to the business of the Group. 
They cover the four areas of ‘Environmental Protection’, ‘Employment and Labour Practices’, 
Employees and 
directors
• Maintain 
communication with 
employees through 
different channels, 
such as organising 
regular meetings for 
views and information 
exchange
Customers
• Collect customer 
opinion through 
various channels, 
including telephone 
hotline, suggestion 
boxes placed in 
restaurants, the 
Group's website, social 
media, etc.
Suppliers
• Conduct annual 
supplier performance 
assessment by 
conducting 
unscheduled site visits 
and maintaining 
communication
Community
• Cooperate with various 
non-profit 
organisations to serve 
the community, such 
as distributing festive 
foods to people in 
need and organising 
elderly visits
To understand the Group's 
sustainability management 
approach and planning, CCA 
conducted a detailed interview with 
the management of Fulum Group to 
discuss the material issues of the 
Group and explore the Group's 
management approach and 
strategies regarding each issue.
Management 
interview
Distribute questionnaires through 
an online platform to allow internal 
and external stakeholders to rate 
the importance of various 
sustainability issues.
69 valid responses were received.
Online 
questionnaire

8 
 
‘Operating Practices’ and ‘Community Investment’ and serve as the foundation of the internal and 
external stakeholder engagement. In the questionnaire, stakeholders have to rate the importance 
of the 22 issues to them and the Group’s environmental and social issues (positive and negative). 
CCA conducted a materiality assessment and identified 11 most crucial issues according to the 
results of the questionnaire. The Group’s material issues are indicated in orange in the materiality 
matrix below. 
 
 
For a more comprehensive analysis, CCA also conducted an independent materiality assessment 
based on the questionnaire results among external and internal stakeholders. Apart from the 11 
important issues mentioned above, three extra issues which are considered more important by 
external and internal stakeholders were also included (indicated with a  below).  
 
22 issues in descending order of importance:  
Number
Issue Name 
Issue Categories
10 
Provide employees with a safe and healthy working 
environment and prevent occupational diseases and work 
injuries 
 
20 
Prevention of bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering 
 
16 
Protection of customer information and privacy 
 
11 
Provide employee training and improve their knowledge and 
skills 
 
17 
Improve product quality and service responsibility management 
to protect customer health and safety 
 
12 
Provide employees with personal development opportunities to 
 

9 
 
support continuous development of employees 
14 
Adopt measures to prevent forced labour 
 
8 
Develop a comprehensive employment management system 
 
19 
Protect the interests of customers and business partners 
 
9 
Eliminate discrimination or harassment, and provide a fair and 
diverse working environment  
 
18 
Abide by advertising and sales regulations 
 
13 
Adopt measures to prevent child labour 
 
21 
Ensure business activities take into account the needs and 
interests of the community 
 
5 
Waste management 
 
15 
Assess and manage the environmental and social risks of the 
supply chain 
⊚ 
7 
Manage the impact of the operation on the environment and 
natural resources 
⊚ 
3 
Management of wastewater discharge 
⊚ 
6 
Improve the efficiency of other resources 
⊚ 
4 
Conserve water / improve water efficiency 
⊚ 
2 
Conserve energy / improve energy efficiency  
⊚ 
22 
Invest resources such as money, resources or time to promote 
community development  
⊚ 
1 
Air pollutant/greenhouse gas emissions management 
⊚ 
 Material issues 
 Extra issues 
⊚ Non-material issues 
 
Response to Suggestions Raised in Stakeholder Focus Groups in the Last Reporting 
Period  
Aspect 
Suggestions raised by stakeholders in 
focus groups 
The Group’s response and follow-
up actions 
Food waste 
handling and 
utilisation 
Explore how to improve collection, storage 
and handling of food waste.  
Continue to learn about the
operation 
of 
the 
Organic
Resources 
Recovery 
Centre
Phase 1 and communicate with
food waste collectors recognised
by the Environment Protection
Department 
to 
evaluate 
the
feasibility of the scheme. 
Explore how to utilise food waste, for 
example, use food waste as animal feed 
or donate it to charitable organisations. 
Waste 
handling  
Improve waste storage arrangement: adopt 
centralised waste storage within the limited 
space in restaurants to maintain the 
tidiness of the working environment.  
Enhance waste sorting at source
and proper storage. Evaluate the
feasibility of different methods of
recycling.  
Explore the feasibility of conducting waste 
sorting in restaurants: such as dividing 
waste into food and non-food, and select 
food waste for donation. 

10 
 
Actively pay attention to policy changes 
regarding the waste charging scheme and 
waste handling.  
Regularly 
review 
information
about the waste charging scheme
and 
waste 
handling 
on 
the
government 
website. 
Adopt
response measures and follow-up 
actions accordingly in a timely
manner to fulfil the government’s
requirements.  
Sustainable 
seafood  
Evaluate 
the 
feasibility 
of 
adopting 
sustainable seafood (such as referencing 
World Wide Fund’s Seafood Guide). 
Consider designing eco-friendly seafood 
menu, offer regular promotion to attract 
customers. 
Continue 
to 
understand 
and
evaluate 
the 
feasibility 
of 
procuring sustainable seafood. 
Development 
and training 
Continue to implement the “5S” approach 
and strengthen restaurant staff training on 
occupational health and safety and food 
safety. 
Arrange frontline employees to
participate in monthly food safety 
training. 
Food safety 
Invite frontline employees to participate in 
regular meetings of the Food Safety 
Committee. 
At present, the members of the
Group's 5S Committee and the 
frontline management of shops
conduct 
monthly 
food 
safety
meetings. We are exploring the
arrangement of inviting more 
frontline 
staff 
to 
attend 
the
meeting. 
Supply chain 
management
Establish a supplier notification 
and 
compensation 
mechanism: 
require 
suppliers to notify the Group in case of 
safety risks of the goods or incidents; if the 
supply of goods is affected by risks or 
incidents, the supplier may be liable for 
compensation (especially for suppliers with 
higher food safety risks). At the same time, 
the above requirements are specified in the 
supplier contract. 
Evaluating the feasibility of the
scheme and reviewing the “Chung
Ling 
Logistics 
Management
System” on the management
procedure of the central kitchen
and the logistics centre.  
Formulate a risk handling mechanism: if 
individual suppliers are involved in safety 
risks or incidents, the suppliers should be 
switched in a timely manner to avoid 
disruption to the catering supply.  
 
Continuous improvement 
In order to establish more effective communication channels and gain a deeper understanding of 
the views of various stakeholders, the Group will continue to strengthen its interaction with 
stakeholders, explore more diversified communication channels and increase opportunities for 
exchanges with them. 

11 
 
CARE FOR EMPLOYEES 
 
Health and Safety 
The Group pays attention to employee health and safety. To ensure that employees can work in 
a safe and tidy environment, the Group has set up different guidelines and measures to reduce 
the potential risks of different roles. The Group formulated and implemented the “Risk and Safety 
Handbook” to provide employees with safety procedures and guidelines to ensure that employees 
understand and abide by all safety work regulations and are capable of handling emergencies. 
 
Health and safety governance 
To improve health and safety governance, the Group established the Safety Policy Committee 
and the Shop Safety Committee:  
Safety Policy Committee 
Director of the Production Department (chairman), senior management of various business and 
departments (executive members) and other management staff (members).  
Shop Safety Committee 
Shop manager (chairman), head of cook, head of dim sum, head of siu mei, human resources 
manager  
 
Occupational safety risk assessment mechanism 
In order to comply with the established risk assessment mechanism, all shops of the Group are 
obliged to participate in the risk assessment to evaluate the existing or potential hazards of 
equipment, machinery, materials and processes, and adopt measures to eliminate the hazards to 
reduce safety risks. 
 
 
Work safety analysis and safety guidelines 
The Group requires restaurant staff to identify and evaluate work-related hazards or potential 
hazards, and to develop safety guidelines based on the results to ensure that employees follow 
safe work practices and prevent accidents from occurring; and regularly review and assess the 
safety guidelines to ensure that they are fit for the work being carried out.  
 
To prevent work injury, the Group developed the “Working Safety Rules for Occupational Safety 
and Health” to identify the major potential hazards in the operation. Apart from regulating the 
relevant work procedures and requiring employees to wear the appropriate protective equipment 
correctly, the Group also formulated safety guidelines for employees serving in different roles. 
Apart from the existing “Gas Stove Safety Guidelines” and “Fire Safety Guidelines”, during the 
Reporting Period, we also formulated safety and health guidelines for waiters, servers, 
dishwashing employees and production department employees to prevent common work 
accidents in the catering industry.  
 
Step 1:
Idenitfy 
hazards
Step 2:
Identify roles 
of higher risks
Step 3:
Risk 
assessment
Step 4:
Record 
assessment 
result
Step 5:
Review 
assessment

12 
 
During the Reporting Period, there were 52 cases of work injury, comprise of 2 cases in office and 
50 cases at shop involving 32 shops, and the percentage of workers injured rate was 1.82%. To 
prevent similar accidents from happening again, the Group conducted investigation into all 
accidents and adopted follow-up actions. In the future, we will continue to enhance employee 
occupational safety training to improve their safety awareness and implement the ‘5S’ 
management to improve the working environment and remove potential sources of hazards.  
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group abided by the laws and regulations in relation to health 
and safety, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance and the Factories and 
Industrial Undertakings Ordinance. There were no cases of work-related fatality nor cases of non-
compliance with laws and regulations in relation to health and safety.  
 
Development and Training 
The Group attaches great importance to cultivating the professional skills of its employees. It 
supports the personal development of employees and the long-term strategic development of the 
Group by enhancing the quality of their work and skills. The Group regulates the employee training 
system and procedure with the “Organisational Policy on Improving Employees’ Knowledge and 
Skills in Fulfilling their Work Obligations” and the “Introduction to Grade Training Scheme” to 
coordinate management and training ideals. Apart from occupation skills training, the Group also 
established an internal promotion programme to provide a clear career path to support employee 
occupational development.  
 
To ensure that new employees have a basic understanding of their work before they take up their 
duties, the Group has set up a "grade training" system to help new employees understand the 
culture of the Group and safeguard the quality of restaurant services. 
Stage 1 
Participate in 
group training 
courses 
The Group implemented the “Orientation Ambassador Program Training 
Course”. The Human Resources Department will conduct a briefing with 
the ambassadors so that they can help new employees engage in their 
work from different perspectives. Orientation Ambassadors took new 
employees around to familiarise themselves with the departmental work 
flow and various service standards of the Group. 
Stage 2 
Internship at shop
The shop manager arranged for the Orientation Ambassadors to lead the 
new employee for a three-month internship. The Orientation Ambassadors 
need to meet and summarise with new employees to assess the 
performance of new employees in various aspects. 
Stage 3 
Examination 
If the new employees fail the exam, the Orientation Ambassadors must 
continue to follow up with their progress and the arrangement of 
reexamination. 
 
In addition to on-the-job training for new employees, the Group has also developed a series of 
training activities for current employees, such as the “Talent Training Program”, Tiptop training 
meetings, human resources manager training sessions, restaurant server training, etc., to provide 
employees of different grades and positions with professional knowledge, professional skills, 
occupational safety and health education and other training activities. 
“Talent 
Training 
Program” 
Train a new generation of branch management talents 

13 
 
Tiptop 
training 
meetings 
External trainers provide positive thinking training for shop managers in a 
friendly manner, including film appreciation and discussion sessions, to 
enhance their resilience and team spirit 
Human resources 
manager training 
Provide shop human resources managers with an analysis of the shop 
performance in all aspects so that improvements can be made in the future
Restaurant 
serving training 
Enhance the serving procedures to improve service quality 
Labour Standards 
The Group strictly prohibits child labour or forced labour in the workplace. In order to provide clear 
guidance, the Group revised the “Human Resources Department Management System” during 
the Reporting Period by adding the relevant standards, which will be implemented in the next 
reporting period. 
 
When an employee reports to duty, the Human Resources Department must check his/her 
identification document. If the employee is under the legal working age, he/she will be disqualified 
from duty. In addition, the Group prohibits forced labour, and complies with the provisions in the 
standard employment contract. Employees will not be required to pay deposits or submit their 
identification documents as collateral when they report to duty, nor will employee wages, benefits, 
property or other documents be detained to force them to work continuously. Employees have the 
right to leave the workplace during non-working hours and terminate the employment contract 
after a reasonable notice period. 
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group abided by the laws and regulations in relation to labour 
standards, such as the Employment Ordinance and the Employees' Compensation Ordinance. 
There were no cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations in relation to child labour or 
forced labour. 
 
Employment 
The Group strives to create a sound working environment for its employees and ensure equal 
treatment of employees. The “Human Resources Department Management System” stipulates 
the Group's arrangement in remuneration and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working 
hours, holidays and other benefits and benefits, to allow employees to understand their rights and 
responsibilities, and to ensure that staff management and employment contracts are in line with 
the Group's objectives and the requirements of the laws of employment in Hong Kong. Further, 
to provide more guidance on diversity, equal opportunities and anti-discrimination, the Group is 
currently revising the “Human Resources Department Management System”. The “Diversity 
Policy” will be introduced and implemented in the next reporting period.  
 
Remuneration 
and welfare 
The Group provides competitive remuneration packages to employees and 
determines and reviews remuneration based on factors such as employees’ 
capabilities and work experience. The Group also continued to review the 
staff benefits. During the Reporting Period, a more comprehensive staff 
concession scheme was introduced. In addition to extending the current 
discount to more shops, the monthly e-spending allowance and rebate 
schemes are introduced. 

14 
 
Equal 
opportunities 
The Group is committed to providing equal opportunities for employees to 
ensure equal treatment and mutual respect among employees. Employees 
are not treated unfairly due to factors such as gender, marital status, physical 
disability, and ethnicity. The Group is also concerned about issues of sexual 
harassment. Employees can complain to their supervisors in case of sexually 
harassment incidents. The Group will respect the complainant's choice of 
whether or not to conduct an investigation. The Group ensures that 
complaints will be kept confidential and the relevant information will only be 
disclosed where necessary. 
Employee 
communication
The Group values communication with employees and provides various 
channels to enhance communication among employees, such as regular 
meetings to allow employees of different grades to discuss work and 
corporate goals, and encourage employees to hold regular social gatherings.
 
 
The Group will continue to explore ways to improve 
employee turnover, enhance employee benefits and 
strengthen communication with employees. 
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group abided by the laws 
and regulations in relation to employment, such as the 
Employment Ordinance, the Employees' Compensation Ordinance, various discrimination 
ordinances and the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. There were no cases of non-compliance 
with laws and regulations in relation to employment. 
 
 
Average monthly turnover rate 
among Hong Kong employees
2019 
2018 
8.5% 
6.5% 

15 
 
OPERATIONAL PRACTICES 
 
Anti-corruption 
The Group adheres to the principle of integrity and legal compliance in its day-to-day operations 
and prohibits any corrupt conduct in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. To 
this end, the Group formulated and implemented a series of policies and internal and external 
control measures to establish an operating structure that is free of corruption. 
 
The Group’s “Human Resources Department Management System” stipulates that all employees 
must not engage in private dealings with the Group’s money or resources and must comply with 
the relevant laws, industry regulations and standards, professional conduct and the Group's 
regulations and systems. Employees will have to make compensation, or be subject to penalty or 
dismissal if they are found to be involved in any misconduct. Serious cases will be dealt with 
through legal processes. 
 
At the same time, the Group established the “Anti-Fraud and Reporting Management System” to 
regulate the complaints and report management work procedures. The Group encourages 
employees to report relevant misconduct to management and reduce the risk of corruption. After 
receiving the report, the management must conduct an investigation and keep the identity of the 
whistleblower and relevant information confidential during the process. In order to reduce the risk 
of fraud, the Group established fraud risk assessment and control procedures, and promoted 
various anti-fraud policies and related measures, and provided training to help employees 
correctly handle conflict of interest at work and resist the temptation of improper advantage. 
  
Externally, the Group has established anti-fraud reporting channels for external personnel 
(including suppliers and customers etc.), including a telephone hotline, mailbox and e-mail 
address, to allow them to report violations or irregularities on the part of the Group’s employees 
at work and during business operations. The Group keeps the identity of whistleblowers and 
related information confidential, prohibits any form of discrimination or retaliation or hindrance, 
interference or antagonism against employees participating in the investigation. 
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group abided by the relevant laws and regulations in relation to 
anti-corruption, such as the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance and the Organized and Serious 
Crimes Ordinance. There were no legal cases nor cases of non-compliance in relation to 
corruption brought against the Group and its employees. 
 
Product Responsibility 
Quality management 
The Group adheres to the mission of “True Passion and True Taste” and has been implementing 
strict quality and service standards to enhance customer satisfaction and protect their health and 
safety. The Group has implemented the “5S” approach in management since 2006. Formulated 
by the Internal Control Committee, the “5S” catering standard focuses on five elements: safety, 
hygiene, quality, efficiency and image (such as ensuring food hygiene, improving product quality, 
preventing customer complaints, etc.) The “5S Management Manual” was prepared to provide 

16 
 
instructions for employees. To ensure that employees understand how to apply the “5S” concept, 
the Group arranged relevant training, printed brochures and conducted teaching of the 
professional knowledge of the “5S” approach in regular meetings at restaurants.  
 
The Group pays attention to inspections and assessments in daily operations and follows the 
“Internal Audit Department (Operation) Management System” and the “5S” approach 
management standard requirements to arrange monthly on-site “5S” inspection and the relevant 
assessment at restaurants. Members of the Group’s 5S Committee and frontline management 
will conduct monthly food safety meetings to regularly review food safety. 
 
For the operation of the catering business, ensuring food hygiene and product quality is the key 
to protecting customers' health and safety. The Group abided by local laws and regulations in 
relation to the health and safety of products and services, such as the Food Safety Ordinance 
and the Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance. A series of control measures are 
implemented:  
Restaurants
The Group followed the “Food Hygiene Code” published by the Food and 
Environmental Hygiene Department to formulate the “Fulum Group Food 
Hygiene Code” to stipulate the requirements in relation to cleaning, sanitation 
and maintenance of the environment, equipment and tools, safe handling of food 
and employees’ health and hygiene. 
 
Regarding work flow, the Group also formulated the “Fulum Group Business 
Department Management System” which includes the Business Department’s 
work guidelines for restaurants and the Production Department’s work guidelines 
for restaurants on product quality management, procurement management and 
environmental hygiene management, to ensure employees have sufficient 
information to control product and service quality.  
Central 
kitchen and 
logistics 
centre 
A standardised procurement model can enhance control of food quality. The 
Group’s “Chung Ling Logistics Management System” lists detailed procedural 
specifications on inventory management, logistics and distribution management, 
production management and hygiene management, etc. 
 
To monitor the food quality in the central kitchen and the logistics centre, the 
Group established a quality inspection group which is responsible for 
implementing quality supervision policies and requirements of the procedures. 
The Group will conduct testing of different food samples in the laboratory of the 
central kitchen and logistics centre. Since 2012, the central kitchen and the 
logistics centre have obtained international standard certifications such as ISO 
22000 and HACCP.  
 
Advertising and labelling  
During the Reporting Period, the Group formulated and implemented the “General Principles on 
Promotional Items” and undertook to make sure that all promotional content are legal, healthy, 
honest, truthful and in compliance with local laws and regulations, including the Trade Description 
Ordinance, the Copyright Ordinance, the Trade Marks Ordinance, the Patents Ordinance, the 
Broadcasting Ordinance, the Broadcasting (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, etc. The Group 
signed agreements with advertising partners it worked with in its day-to-day operations to promise 

17 
 
that the Group’s advertising content complies with the law without infringing intellectual property 
rights and does not contain elements of defamation, slander or violation of third parties’ privacy. 
 
Implementation progress of the Trade Description Ordinance compliance action plan 
In response to the case of alleged violations against the Trade Descriptions Ordinance (the 
“Ordinance”) during the last Reporting Period where the charges were subsequently withdrawn, 
apart from continuing with the compliance action plan (including employee training, assignation 
of inspector for regular internal review to ensure legal compliance of trade descriptions), the 
Group carried out the following during the Reporting Period:  
• 
Signed a two-year consent form (until May 2020), pledging not to violate the Ordinance, 
suspend the sale of corn fish fillets in all restaurants and cooperate with regular 
inspections conducted by customs officers in the shops involved;  
• 
Promotional materials must comply with the requirements of the Ordinance and the 
“General Principles on Promotional Items”, undergo review by the relevant department 
with suggestions from the Legal Affairs Department when necessary;  
• 
The Marketing and Administration Department conducted training meetings on the Trade 
Description Ordinance with shops, including the main points of the Ordinance and case 
sharing. All relevant departments have acknowledged the matter. The content concerned 
will be introduced to the management system in the next year.  
 
Protection of customer data and intellectual property 
The Group undertakes to protect the personal data and privacy of customers, and states in the 
“Privacy Policy and Statement” to comply with the relevant laws in Hong Kong in its collection, 
usage, storage, disclosure, transfer, protection and access of personal data, such as the Personal 
Data (Privacy) Ordinance, and to protect customers’ personal data with various safety technology 
and procedures to prevent unauthorised access, usage and disclosure. Internally, the Group also 
stipulates the “Confidentiality Agreement” in the employment contract to require employees to 
protect the customer data of the Group. 
 
The Group respects the intellectual property rights of others and promises that there is no 
infringement of intellectual property rights in its business. The “Confidentiality Agreement” also 
requires employees to protect information such as the Group’s recipes and the knowledge and 
technology of any partners.  
 
Customer feedback and handling 
We maintain open communication with our customers and set up various channels to collect 
customer feedback to enhance the quality of service and customer satisfaction of the Group, 
including providing a restaurant hotline, setting up a suggestion box at conspicuous locations in 
restaurants, engage with customers through the Group's website and social media. To 
continuously improve customer satisfaction, the Group consolidated and analysed customer 
feedback and produced a monthly summary of complaints to be discussed in summary meetings. 
During the Reporting Period, the Group received a total of 623 complaints, mostly about service, 
product and food hygiene. We have followed up all cases with the customers concerned. As 
always, the Group continues to strengthen employee training to reduce the number of complaints 
concerned.  

18 
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group abided by the laws and regulations in relation to product 
responsibility. There were no cases of non-compliance in relation to the health and safety of 
products and services, advertising labeling and privacy matters.  
 
Supply Chain Management 
The Group maintains constant communication with its business partners in various operating 
segments to establish a long-term, stable supply chain. The main supply chain business partners 
are food suppliers that provide seafood, meat, fruits and vegetables, rice and noodles, beverages 
and condiments. 
 
To effectively control the costs and quality of food, standardised supply chain management is of 
crucial importance. The Group established the “Chung Ling Logistics Management System” to 
carry out centralised procurement to monitor food safety and quality.  
 
 
 
The Group continued to improve its supply chain management. In addition to the existing supply 
chain management system for product quality and safety performance, the Group is drafting a 
more comprehensive supply chain management policy which will be implemented in the next 
reporting period to identify, assess and manage the social and environmental risks faced by 
suppliers. 
 
 
Introducing new suppliers
•The
Procurement
Department
will
evaluate
its
relevant
information,
including (if applicable) product health
certification
documents,
safety
certificates and import licenses.
Existing suppliers
•The
Procurement
Department
conducts
an
annual
assessment
according to a single standard and
records the result in the Supplier
Performance
Assessment
Form.
Suppliers who fail the assessment will
have
its
account
freezed
in
the
internal system
or be disqualified.
The
Group
only
procures
from
recognised suppliers.

19 
 
Community Investment 
 
The Group values social responsibility, pays attention to the needs of the community, and gives 
back to the community through various means in its operations. The Group had formulated the 
“Community Investment Policy” to develop a guideline for all business units and help employees 
use resources more strategically and effectively to contribute to community development.  
 
Adhering to the community investment goal of “Creating, Delivering and Promoting Positive 
Energy”, the Group gave back to society through its “Positive Energy Team”. Initiatives including 
sponsorships and donations were held and the Group’s skills and resources were utilised on 
different projects, plans and initiatives to bring short-term and long-term positive impacts. The 
Group’s principles in community investment include:  
 
Meet the needs and 
expectations of the 
community and conform to 
the local culture, tradition and 
values 
Adopt a systematic 
management model with 
clear goals and expected 
outcomes 
Build long-term partnership 
with reputable international, 
national, regional and local 
community organisations, 
environmental organisations 
and charitable organisations
Support employee 
participation 
Invest resources in and 
assess the effectiveness and 
impact of the projects it 
supports 
Avoid conflict of interest to 
maintain impartiality 
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group organised and participated in different forms of charitable 
activities, including:  
Food sponsorship 
Volunteer activities 
• 
Donate mooncake, new year pudding and 
meal voucher to people in need in the 
community 
• 
Participation in the flag selling day 
organised by the Senior Citizen Home 
Safety Association 
• 
“捷迎•富滿•凝中秋” mooncake charity 
workshop 
• 
“樂善共迎中秋日” mid-autumn visit 
• 
Organised Chinese New Year charity 
elderly visit 
Donation 
• 
Donations to the Senior Citizen Home 
Safety Association with purchase of rice 
dumplings; 
 
In the operation of restaurants, we are actively involved in promoting environmental messages, 
such as by joining the EatSmart Restaurant Campaign to promote nutritious, low-carbon food.  
During the Reporting Period, the Group donated a total of HK202,000 and recorded 164 hours of 
volunteer service in total. As business development and the external environment keep changing, 
the Group will continue to understand the needs of the community where it operates and will 
regularly review its targets and direction in community investment.  
 
 

20 
 
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT 
 
As a responsible company, environmental sustainability is one of the Group's key concerns. The 
Group is formulating the relevant environmental policies to establish work guidelines, monitoring 
mechanisms and specific measures covering emissions, use of resources, and the environment 
and natural resources, to be implemented in the next reporting period. 
 
Emissions 
Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions management 
Controlling GHG emissions helps the Group to understand and manage the impact of its business 
on climate change. During the Reporting Period, the Group appointed the consultancy CCA to 
conduct carbon assessment to quantify the GHG emissions (also referred to as “carbon 
emissions”) produced in its operations. The process of quantification follows the guidelines1 
published by the Electrical and Mechanical Services Department and the Environmental 
Protection Department and references international standards such as ISO14064-1 and the GHG 
Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. 
 
GHG emissions  
Scope
Emissions (tonnes of carbon
dioxide (CO2) equivalent) 
2019 
2018 
Scope 1- Direct GHG emissions 
Fossil fuel combustion – stationary source  
10,844 
13,914 2 
Fossil fuel combustion – mobile source  
150 
190 
GHG emitted by equipment and system during operation - 
refrigerants  
1 
947 
Scope 2 - Energy indirect GHG emissions 
Electricity purchased from power companies  
38,319 
47,976 
Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 
49,314
63,027 2 
Scope 3 - Other indirect GHG emissions 
Methane produced by waste paper in landfills in Hong 
Kong   
367 
282 
GHG emissions from electricity consumption in freshwater 
treatment by the Water Supplies Department  
687 
770 
GHG emissions from electricity consumption in wastewater 
treatment by the Drainage Services Department   
262 
270 
Gas purchased from The Hong Kong and China Gas 
Company Limited  
2,274 
3,139 
Total GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3) 
52,904
67,488 2 
GHG intensity (per HK$ million of turnover)
20.7
24.3 2 
 
The Group's total emissions for the Reporting Period under scope 1, 2 and 3 were 52,904 tonnes 
of CO2 equivalent. The main source of emissions was indirect GHG emissions from scope 2 
                                                   
1 Guidelines to Account for and Report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings in Hong Kong 
2 Adjustment was made to the data for more accurate representation.  

21 
 
purchased energy (accounting for approximately 72%), followed by a stationary source of fossil 
fuel combustion in scope 1 (accounting for approximately 20%). Compared to the last Reporting 
Period, total GHG emissions reduced by approximately 22%. GHG intensity reduced by 
approximately 15%. Since refrigerant was replaced less frequently during the Reporting Period, 
less GHG was emitted during the operation of equipment and system. Regarding the use of 
energy, the Group formulated the relevant policy approach in the “Consumption Reduction 
Management” policy approach of the “Internal Audit Department (Operation) Management 
System” to save energy and reduce carbon emissions.  
 
Air emission management 
The air emissions of the Group mainly came from kitchen equipment and vehicles of the logistics 
fleet. 
Air emissions
Air pollutants 
Emissions of 2019 (kg)
Nitrogen oxides 
1,630.5 
Sulphur oxides 
5.0 
Respirable suspended 
particulates 
80.3 
 
To reduce air pollution, regarding emissions of oily fume in kitchen equipment, the Group complies 
with the requirements regarding emissions of oily fume in the Air Pollution Control Ordinance. 
Control measures at the exhaust outlets include installation of purifying facilities and venting 
equipment. 
 
Waste management 
The Group is well aware of the potential environmental impact of waste and properly disposes of 
waste generated during operations. Non-hazardous waste of the Group mainly included waste oil, 
general waste, recyclable waste and food waste. Regarding waste cooking oils produced on a 
daily basis, the Group established the “Waste Cooking Oils Regulation Procedure” and 
implemented the “Restaurant Waste Cooking Oils Recycling” Scheme to partner with qualified 
waste cooking oil recyclers to handle waste cooking oils. Regarding food waste, certain 
restaurants under the “Fulum (富臨)” main brand and the “Sportful Garden (陶源)” main brand 
were awarded the Silver Class in the “Food Wise Eateries” Scheme to promote food waste 
reduction to the public. During the Reporting Period, 61 tonnes of waste cooking oils were 
produced, all of which was resold to recyclers; other non-hazardous waste was collected and 
handled in a centralised manner by a third-party company. Regarding hazardous waste, the 
Group’s operation generated a small amount of hazardous waste (such as waste batteries, waste 
mercury tubes and energy saving bulbs). All hazardous waste was collected and handled in a 
centralised manner by a qualified third-party company.  
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group had not yet fully quantified the waste generated by the 
operation. In the coming year, the Group will conduct quantification of hazardous waste and non-
hazardous waste to be disclosed in the future. 
 

22 
 
Wastewater discharge management 
To prevent wastewater discharges and spills, the Group abided by the Water Pollution Control 
Ordinance. The Group’s restaurants and central kitchen located in Hong Kong have obtained 
licences issued by the Environmental Protection Department of the Hong Kong government. 
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group abided by the laws and regulations in relation to emissions, 
such as the Air Pollution Control Ordinance, the Water Pollution Control Ordinance and the Waste 
Disposal Ordinance. There were no cases of non-compliance with laws or regulations in relation 
to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of 
hazardous and non-hazardous waste.   
 
Use of Resources 
The main resources used by the Group included gas, electricity, water and plastic bags and boxes 
for takeaway packaging. To enhance resource use efficiency continuously, the Group 
implemented the “Consumption Reduction Management” in the “Internal Audit Department 
(Operation) Management System” to formulate monthly standard consumption reduction data to 
assess the consumption of electricity, gas and consumables of restaurant department. The 
Internal Audit Department (Operation) is responsible for evaluating the reasonableness of the 
consumption data. If a shop fails to meet the standard, the Group will schedule a meeting with 
the shop manager to evaluate the cause, or the Internal Audit Department (Operation) will conduct 
an inspection at the shop and discuss measures for improvement. 
 
In 2019, the Group’s total energy consumption was 126,002 MWh equivalent, which were mainly 
attributed to electricity and gas used in the operations. Compared to the last Reporting Period, 
the total energy consumption reduced by approximately 21%; energy intensity was 0.049 
MWh/HK$ thousand turnover, representing a drop of approximately 16% compared to the last 
Reporting Period.  
 
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total water consumption was 1,705,936 cubic metres 
with a drop of approximately 11% compared to the last Reporting Period. Consumption of paper 
increased by approximately 30%, while consumption of packaging materials reduced by 
approximately 29%, compared to the last Reporting Period.  
 
Use of resources 
Energy use
Energy consumption
 
2019
2018
Direct energy  
Gas (MWh equivalent) 
53,757 
69,595 3 4 
LPG (MWh equivalent) 
2,344 
2,500 3 4 
Petrol (MWh equivalent) 
8 
Not recorded
Diesel (MWh equivalent)
564 
700 4 
                                                   
3 Adjustment was made to this data for more accurate representation.  
4 Data unit of 2018 was changed from GJ to MWh equivalent.  

23 
 
Indirect energy  
Purchased electricity 
(MWh)  
69,329 
87,013 
Use of water resources
Water consumption
 
2019
2018
Total water 
consumption (cubic 
metre) 
1,705,936 
1,912,458 
Use of materials
Consumption
 
2019 
2018 
Paper (tonne) 
76.5 
58.7 
Packaging materials 
(tonne) 
12.5 
17.5 
 
The Group will continue to assess, record and disclose its GHG emissions and other 
environmental data annually, which will help to further develop emission reduction targets in the 
future. 
 
The Environment and Natural Resources  
The Group values the impact of its business operations on the environment and natural resources, 
complies with laws and regulations in its daily operations, and continuously monitors operations 
to meet the emission requirements. 
 
As the society pays more attention to sustainable development, the environmental and ecological 
impacts of the use of ingredients are particularly important for the catering industry. Currently, 
apart from participating in the “Green Purchasewise Performance Scheme” launched by the Hong 
Kong Federation of Restaurants & Related Trades (the “HKFORT”), the Group also supports the 
“Hong Kong Green Purchasing Guidelines for Food and Beverage Sector” formulated by the 
HKFORT and the Green Council. Looking ahead, the Group will explore how to pay attention to 
environmental protection and reduce the impact on the ecological environment:  
 
Design a green menu with sustainable 
seafood with reference to the Seafood Guide 
published by the World Wide Fund and offer 
regular promotion to attract customers. 
The Group will continue to study and evaluate 
the exact amount of shark fin demanded, 
explore 
the 
feasibility 
of 
reducing 
its 
procurement further with the relevant non-
governmental organisations and promote 
other sustainable seafood to replace shark fin. 

24 
 
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 
Environmental Performance 
 
Environmental Key Performance 
Indicators 
2019
2018
Unit
Types of emissions and respective emissions data5
Nitrogen oxides 
1,630.5 
904.4 
kg 
Sulphur oxides 
5.0 
1.1 
kg 
Respirable suspended particulates
80.3 
53.0 
kg 
Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity 
Scope 1
10,995 
15,051 6 
tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 
Scope 2
38,319 
47,976 
tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 
Scope 3
3,590 
4,461 
tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 
Total GHG emissions 
(Scope 1, 2 and 3)
52,904
67,488 6 
tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 
GHG intensity 
(by turnover)
20.7 
24.3 6 
tonnes of CO2 
equivalent / 
HK$ million 
Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity
Total non-hazardous waste produced
61.0 
57.2 
tonnes 
Non-hazardous waste intensity 
(by turnover) 
0.02
0.02 
tonnes / HK$ million
Total energy consumption
Direct energy
 56,673 
72,795 6 7 
MWh equivalent 
Indirect energy
 69,329 
87,013 
MWh
Total energy consumption
126,002 
159,808 6 7 
MWh equivalent 
Energy intensity 
(by turnover)
0.049 
0.058 6 7 
MWh equivalent/ 
HK$ thousand 
Water consumption in total
Total water consumption
1,705,936
1,912,458 
Cubic metre
Water intensity
(by turnover)
0.7 
0.7 
Cubic metre / 
HK$ thousand 
Total packaging material used for finished products
Total packaging material used
12.5 
17.5 
tonnes
Packaging material intensity (by 
turnover)
0.005 
0.006 
tonnes / HK$ million
 
 
 
                                                   
5 2018 figures only include vehicle emissions; 2019 figures include emissions of both vehicles and kitchen equipment.  
6 Adjustment was made to the data for more accurate representation.  
7 Data unit of 2018 was changed from GJ to MWh equivalent. 

25 
 
Social Performance 
 
Number of employees8  
By employment type 
Employment type 
Workforce 
Total workforce
Full-time employees 
2,797 
2,857 
Part-time employees 
60 
  
By gender, rank and age group 
Gender
Rank 
Age group 
Total 
Total workforce 
Below 
30  
30–40 
41-50  
Above 50 
2019 
2018 
Male 
Top management 
1 
0 
1 
5 
1,156 
2,857 
4,175 
Senior 
management  
1 
7 
8 
11 
Middle 
management  
47 
79 
59 
88 
General staff  
196 
131 
190 
332 
Female
Top management 
0 
0 
0 
1 
1,701 
Senior 
management  
0 
0 
4 
2 
Middle 
management  
20 
34 
121 
103 
General staff  
104 
156 
516 
640 
 
 
 
                                                   
8 The number of employees in the Report includes all employees working in Hong Kong. The total workforce of the 
Group is 3,290, among which 433 work in mainland China, who are not covered by the number of employees in the 
Report.  

26 
 
Number of new employees and ratio of new hires 
Gender
Rank 
Age group 
Total 
Total new 
hires 
Average monthly ratio of 
new hires 
Below 
30  30–40 41-50 Above 
50  
2019 
2018 
Male
Top management 
1 
0 
1 
2 
1,572 
3,204 
7.4% 
7.2% 
Senior 
management  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Middle 
management  
38 
69 
65 
90 
General staff  
484
253
255
314
Female
Top management 
0 
0 
0 
1 
1,632 
Senior 
management  
0 
0 
1 
1 
Middle 
management  
16 
30 
88 
42 
General staff  
190
218
546
499
  
Employee turnover and turnover rate9  
Gender
Rank 
Age group 
Total 
Total 
new 
hires
Average monthly turnover rate
Below 
30  
30–
40 
41-
50 
Above 
50  
2019 
2018 
Male
Top management 
0 
0 
0 
1 
1,708 
3,601
8.5% 
6.5% 
Senior 
management  
0 
0 
0 
1 
Middle 
management  
50  
81
85
123 
General staff  
446
290
263
368 
Female
Top management 
0 
0 
0 
0 
1,893 
Senior 
management  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Middle 
management  
14 
32
109
82 
General staff  
184
214
608
650 
  
 
 
 
                                                   
9 Due to the characteristics of the catering industry, some employees of the Group left and joined the Group more than 
once during the Reporting Period, which is also reflected in the turnover rate.  

27 
 
Average male and female remuneration ratio 
Rank 
Average male and female 
remuneration ratio 
Average male and 
female remuneration 
ratio in total 
Top management  
1.1:1 
1.3:1 
Senior management  
1.4:1 
Middle management  
1.3:1 
General staff  
1.2:1 
 
Health and safety 
Gender 
Number of work-
related injury  
Rate of work-related 
injury (per 1,000 
employees) 
Number of lost 
workdays due to 
work-related injury
Number and rate of 
fatalities as a result 
of work-related 
injury   
Male  
23 
18.2 
1,741 
0 (0%) 
Female  
29 
1,552 
  
Number and percentage of employees receiving training 
Gender 
Rank 
Number and percentage of 
employees receiving training
Top 
management
Senior 
management
Middle 
management
General staff
2019 
2018 
Male  
7 (100%) 
27 (100%) 
273 (100%) 
849 (100%)
2,857 (100%) 3,769 (90%)
Female  
1 (100%) 
6 (100%) 
278 (100%) 
1,416 (100%)
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

28 
 
ESG REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX 
 
Material 
Aspect
Content 
Page Index/ 
Remarks 
A.
Environmental 
A1 Emissions 
General 
Disclosure 
Information on: 
(a) the policies; and 
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on 
the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and 
land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste
20-22 
A1.1 
The types of emissions and respective emissions data 
21, 24 
A1.2
Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity
20-21, 24
A1.3 
Total hazardous waste produced and intensity 
21 
A1.4
Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity
21, 24
A1.5 
Description of measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved 
20-21, 24 
A1.6 
Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, reduction 
initiatives and results achieved
21, 24 
A2 Use of Resources
General 
Disclosure
Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw 
materials
20, 22 
A2.1 
Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type in total and intensity 
22, 24 
A2.2 
Water consumption in total and intensity 
22, 24 
A2.3
Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved
22, 24
A2.4 
Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, 
water efficiency initiatives and results achieved 
22, 24; The 
Group had 
no issue in 
sourcing 
water that is 
fit for 
purpose 
A2.5 
Total packaging material used for finished products 
23-24 
A3 The Environment and Natural Resources 
General 
Disclosure
Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact on the environment and natural 
resources
23 
A3.1 
Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural 
resources and the actions taken to manage them 
23 
B. Social 
B1 Employment 
General 
Disclosure 
Information on:  
(a) the policies; and  
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on 
the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, 
working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and 
other benefits and welfare 
13-14 
B1.1 
Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region 
25 
B1.2
Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region
14, 26
B2 Health and Safety 
General 
Disclosure 
Information on:  
(a) the policies; and  
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on 
the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting 
employees from occupational hazards
11-12 
B2.1 
Number and rate of work-related fatalities 
12, 27 
B2.2
Lost days due to work injury
27
B2.3 
Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are 
implemented and monitored 
11-12 
B3 Development and Training 
General 
Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for discharging duties at 
12 

29 
 
Disclosure 
work. Description of training activities 
B3.1 
The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category 
27 
B4 Labour Standards 
General 
Disclosure 
Information on:  
(a) the policies; and  
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on 
the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour 
13 
B4.1 
Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced 
labour 
13 
B5 Supply Chain Management
General 
Disclosure 
Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain 
17-18 
B6 Product Responsibility
General 
Disclosure 
Information on:  
(a) the policies; and  
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on 
the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters 
relating to products and services provided and methods of redress 
15-17 
B6.2 
Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are 
dealt with 
17 
B6.3 
Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property 
rights
17 
B6.4 
Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures 
15-16 
B6.5 
Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are 
implemented and monitored
17 
B7 Anti-corruption
General 
Disclosure 
Information on:  
(a) the policies; and  
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on 
the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering 
15 
B7.1 
Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the 
issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases 
15 
B7.2 
Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, how they are 
implemented and monitored 
15 
B8 Community Investment 
General 
Disclosure 
Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities 
where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the 
communities’ interests 
19 
B8.1 
Focus areas of contribution 
19 
B8.2 
Resources contributed to the focus area 
19 
 

